# SmallMultiples_Limits_TVCG_2024

This folder contains data and analyses for 2 experiments for the
manuscript "Examining the Limits of Small Multiples: Set Size Impacts
Accuracy in Line Graph Judgements".

**Experiment 1:**\
- 140 participants: - 20 participants per task across 7 tasks. - 70
male, 65 female, four non-binary/third gender, 1 not indicated. - Mean
age 33.48, Standard Deviation 11.72.

**Experiment 2:**\
- 360 participants: - 90 participants per between-group condition across
4 groups. - 171 male, 174 female, 10 non-binary/third gender, 2 not
indicated. - Mean age 25.64, Standard Deviation 15.4.

**Experiment 3:**\
- 5 participants - 2 male, 3 female.

There were 3 types of tasks: **Identify**, **Compare**, and
**Summarize**.\
In *Identify* tasks, a single target is under consideration; in
*Compare* tasks, multiple subsets of targets are under consideration;
and in *Summarize* tasks, a set of targets is under consideration
(Brehmer et al., 2013).

We used the seven tasks below, with three Identify, two Compare, and two
Summarize tasks:

-   **Identify 1**: Click on one graph with the highest peak power.
-   **Identify 2**: Click on one graph with both the biggest change and
    the highest average power.
-   **Identify 3**: Click on all graph(s) where the blue line goes above
    the dashed gray line.
-   **Compare 1**: Of these two graphs highlighted in blue, click on one
    graph with the highest peak power.
-   **Compare 2**: Of these two graphs highlighted in blue, click on one
    graph with both the biggest change and the highest average power.
-   **Summarize 1**: Is the general trend in the graphs going up or
    down?
-   **Summarize 2**: What is the average power across all plots?

The file structure for the 360 small multiple stimuli (`stimuli`),
processing of the raw responses (`raw_data`) from Qualtrics
(`Processing.Rmd`), the output of processing (`clean_data`), the
statistical analyses (`Analysis.Rmd`), and the visualized data
(`figures`) is listed below with descriptions.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Files:

1.  `.RData` - Global environment/data of project saved

2.  `.Rhistory` - Previous commands used

3.  \-*analysis*:

    -   `Experiment1_FullSp.pdf` - Plot of the 7 combined Experiment 1
        tasks used in the manuscript

    -   `FullModels.RData` - Experiment 1 combined binomial
        mixed-effects linear regression models of the 7 tasks with
        referent changed

4.  `Analysis.html` - Html output of Rmarkdown analysis file for all
    experiments. Open in your browser to view.

5.  `Analysis.pdf` - PDF output of Rmarkdown analysis file for all
    experiments. Open with preferred PDF viewer.

6.  `Analysis.Rmd` - Rmarkdown file that loads the appropriate datasets
    and generates the analysis for all experiments

7.  \-*clean_data*: - All data generated by `Processing.Rmd` used in
    `Analysis.Rmd`

    1.  `C2Analysis.RData` - Compare 2 reanalyzed with MeanxRange
        compared to Mean and Range accuracy scoring methods. This file
        loads:
        -   `dfjoinedMean` (7200obsx16var)
        -   `dfjoinedRange` (129600obsx16var)   
    2.  `exp2main.RData` - Main data for the 7 task analyses for
        Experiment 2. This file loads:
        -   `Exp2_C1_df` (1801obsx26var) Compare 1 data.frame
        -   `Exp2_C2_df` (1823obsx26var) Compare 2 data.frame
        -   `Exp2_ID1_df` (1831obsx26var) Identify 1 data.frame
        -   `Exp2_ID2_df` (1850obsx26var) Identify 2 data.frame
        -   `Exp2_ID3_df`(42480obsx27var) Identify 3 data.frame
        -   `Exp2_S1_df` (1793obsx27var) Summarize 1 data.frame
        -   `Exp2_S2_df` (1796obsx27var) Summarize 2 data.frame     
    3.  `ID2Analysis.RData` - Identify 2 reanalyzed with MeanxRange
        compared to Mean and Range accuracy scoring methods. This file
        loads:
        -   `dfjoinedMean` (7199obsx17var)
        -   `dfjoinedRange` (129600obsx17var)   
    4.  `main.RData` - Main data for the 7 task analyses for
        Experiment 1. This file loads:
        -   `Exp1_C1_df` (7200obsx16var) Compare 1 data
        -   `Exp1_C2_df` (7200obsx16var) Compare 2 data
        -   `Exp1_ID1_df` (7200obsx16var) Identify 1 data
        -   `Exp1_ID2_df` (7199obsx17var) Identify 2 data
        -   `Exp1_ID3_df` (259200obsx18var) Identify 3 data
        -   `Exp1_S1_df` (7560obsx23var) Summarize 1 data
        -   `Exp1_S2_df` (7198obsx15var) Summarize 2 data   

8.  \-*figures*:

    1.  \-*Analysis_files*: All of the output PDF plots from
        `Analysis.Rmd` are here.

        1.  *figure-latex*: `Analysis.Rmd` output folder.

    2.  `Comp2_three.pdf` - The Experiment 1 secondary comparison plot
        of the three MeanxRange, Mean, and Range accuracy scores for the
        Compare 2 task.

    3.  `Experiment1_Full.pdf` - The Experiment 1 7-task plot over frame
        number (2-7 by 4).

    4.  `Experiment2_Scale.pdf` - The Scale manipulation for all 7 tasks
        of Experiment 2 over frame number (2-7 by 4).

    5.  `Experiment2_Time.pdf` - The Time manipulation for all 7 tasks
        of Experiment 2 over frame number (2-7 by 4).

    6.  `ID2_three.pdf` - The Experiment 1 secondary comparison plot of
        the three MeanxRange, Mean, and Range accuracy scores for the
        Identify 2 task.

9.  `FINAL.Rproj` - The Rproject file. Click on this to load the saved R
    environment and run all files within FINAL smoothly.

10. `Functions.R` - Custom functions for various tasks, especially the
    within and between confidence interval corrections based on Morey
    2008 for our plots.

11. `Order_by_block.R` - This file arranges the different blocks of 18
    different frame quantities in the order that they were presented. A
    statistical test and plot demonstrate no significant or visual
    effect of block order (i.e., practice or fatigue) on accuracy for
    the Identify 1 task.

12. `preamble.tex` - The file for keeping PDF output with wrapped text
    so it doesn't get cut off.

13. `Processing.html` - HTML Output of file that combines Qualtrics
    output with our answer key in `stimuli/fullkey.RData`

14. `Processing.pdf` - PDF Output of file that combines Qualtrics output
    with our answer key in `stimuli/fullkey.RData`

15. `Processing.Rmd` - Rmarkdown file that combines Qualtrics output
    with our answer key in `stimuli/fullkey.RData`

16. \-*raw_data*: Comma separated files of Qualtrics output for
    participant responses

    -   \-*Exp2*: Comma separated files from Experiment 2. (FullScale x
        NoTimeLimit, FullScale x TimeLimit, FixedScale x NoTimeLimit,
        and FixedScale x TimeLimit)

    -   \-*Exp3*: Raw eye-tracking data for 5 participants in
        `Small Multiples Eye Tracking Results.xlsx`

    -   CSVs for Experiment 1: Compare 1, Compare 2, Identify 1,
        Identify 2, Identify 3, Summarize 1, Summarize 1 with words for
        "up" and "down" responses, and Summarize 2. Also, for Identify
        3, the horizontal line values are in `Geom_hline.csv`

17. `README.md` - This file.

18. `Sensitivity.pdf` - PDF output of analyses conducted with removed
    participants that failed certain criteria, such as providing the
    right number of letters and starting letter to an attention-check
    but providing the wrong word (See WrongWord.rtf in supplemental
    materials), or in the case of the Summary 2 task, removes
    observations outside of the possible range of power values. There
    were no meaningful changes in the interpretation of the outcomes
    based on this data filtering, and therefore, the effects remained
    robust to a reduced number of participants and observations.

19. `Sensitivity.Rmd` - Rmarkdown file of analyses conducted with
    removed participants that failed certain criteria, such as providing
    the right number of letters and starting letter to an
    attention-check but providing the wrong word (See WrongWord.rtf in
    supplemental materials), or in the case of the Summary 2 task,
    removes observations outside of the possible range of power values.
    There were no meaningful changes in the interpretation of the
    outcomes based on this data filtering, and therefore, the effects
    remained robust to a reduced number of participants and
    observations.

20. *stimuli*: `fullkey.RData` contains `listOlist_dats`, which is the
    full key for every value of every frame that generates the stimuli.
    It is a list of 18 lists of 20 data.frames.

21. `WrongWord.rtf` - A list of participants who wrote a word with the
    right number of letters and right starting letter but not the right
    word.

------------------------------------------------------------------------

Naming scheme for Qualtrics raw csvs: \# of graphs,trial number, frame
number Ex. paste0(#,"graph",Trial#,"\_",Frame#)

Look1 Fill = 1-20 Graphs = 2-70 (by multiples of 2+(2\*E2,4,6...)
Regions: 1-Graphs

Simulated Data: Data that generates graphs is in the stimuli folder.
`Load(file = "fullkey.RData")` to get access to the `listOlist_dats`
object, which contains every value for every point of every frame in the
stimuli.
